DOCS-3910 Advanced Options for Browser Test Steps Edits (#16369)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/synthetics/browser_tests/_index.md

6. Select **managed and private locations**: Select locations around the world that are managed by Datadog or create [private locations][1] to run your browser test from custom locations or inside private networks. 

   {{% managed-locations %}} 

>    You can also use the [Continuous Testing Tunnel][15] to easily trigger tests on your local development setup or in your CI/CD pipeline to test internal environments. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   You can also use the [Continuous Testing Tunnel][15] to trigger tests on your local development setup or in your CI/CD pipeline to test internal environments. 
```

6. Select **managed and private locations**: Select locations around the world that are managed by Datadog or create [private locations][1] to run your browser test from custom locations or inside private networks. 

   {{% managed-locations %}} 

>    For more information about using the `datadog-ci` NPM package to trigger tests on a private application, see the [Continuous Testing Tunnel][15]. 

Author: ```suggestion
   You can also use the [Continuous Testing Tunnel][15] to easily trigger tests on your local development setup or in your CI/CD pipeline to test internal environments. 
```
